hey youtube today I'm going to be
showing you my Jackson chameleon cage I
got about a week ago so I have one two
three live plants I have enough vines
going up around up there here I have a
fake plastic buying back there on the
corner we have two lines going down
those are also fake up here he mostly
likes the Basques so I have a digital
thermometer and I also have one right
there in the back I don't know right
here where it measures the middle of the
enclosure here I have a custom-made
cricket Cup that I made just so they
don't roam around all thinking can't
find them I just thought crickets in
there and he walks right up and scoops
him up um here he is I'm not sure how
old he is but he is awesome
for his water we made this custom drip
system where we have little nozzles now
we can measure how fat or how many drops
we want and we have all those all over
the cage we are going to make more we
hear we have a UVB light and a basking
lamp and I use legal earth as a
substrate and that is pretty much it
this enclosure is a 2 feet by 2 feet by
4 feet I'm going I'm gonna keep him in
here for the rest of his life and he
seems pretty happy and you be here yeah
I haven't learned how to handle him yet
but pretty soon he'll try so yeah please
comment if I'm doing anything wrong